" countrywide-ban-on-vehicles-older-than-20-yrs-from-mar-15.html" "  This is not the first time that the government has made such a commitment, though. The decision was made in January 2015 to take vehicles which are older than 20 years off the roads.    ""What about the petrol and Diesel we are getting from oil corporation??? When will they give us euro quality petroleum products? They are the main culprits to ruin our vehicle engines. Why hasn't Government taken any action again them and why is everyone after old vehicle? To be fact, emissions from advanced efi is more worse than the older ones."  "This is Nepal,development and improvements are only a kind of joke most people talk about nowadays,systems are implemented but exactly don't work properly and I'm sure this implementation is also gonna bring nothing but a sweet rumour.”  "Next steep do a control about what kind of fuel they use to get that black smoke out and we can start to breathe! :)" "Does that mean they'll cut these 20yrs old public vehicles into pieces and sell them to the scrap dealers? And what about pvt vehicles exceeding 25 yrs of service? Is GoN strict with them??"  "A projected ban on diesel vehicles within the next ten years would be a more serious approach." "One of the best job Gov is doing, will see if they work on further good job for to decrease the pollution in the valley." message "Good one, now enforce clean petroleum fuel..........Nepal needs to stop buying from Indians and get their fuels from Chinese where they can get cleaner and with a good trade route established in future and better mutual co-operation, Nepal might get better deal than with India. Indian export low grade fuel to Nepal and plus Nepali too get involved in shady works and mix water and other fuels in it to maximise profit. Harsh laws should be conducted and oil scamming are common and these people needs severe punishment and ban from selling fuels." " purchase-of-850-suvs-hits-speed-bump.html" "#General The Local Development Ministry had sought Rs3.4 billion from the Finance Ministry for providing funds to the local governments to purchase the SUVs.    " " locus-2018-highlights-student-innovations.html" "#Entertainment Hosted every year since 2003, this year’s Locus fair was held with the theme Smart City with ICT and saw a variety of events such as Energy Hackathon,  Tech Debates, Photography workshop, a Technical Math Olympiad, an art competition, Hack-a-week, Code Jam, and a talk show with motivational figures.    " "  The houses were constructed by the Foundation at a cost of Rs 59.48 million. President Bidya Devi Bhandari handed over the key of the integrated settlement to Settlement Management Committee Chairman Jaya Narayan Yadav amid a function today. "Five-year-old Nihira Bajracharya sits for the rituals after being selected as the new living goddess Kumari of Patan, at Pimbahal in Lalitpur on Monday. Photo: Anish Regmi " novel-nilofar-launched.html" "#Entertainment The book, Tiwary’s second publication, deals with contemporary issues such as migration for foreign employment and its social impacts,  the increasing commercialisation of religion and the various forms of social stigma still prevalent in the society.    ""A blacksmith Narayan BK, 30, from Terathum makes a Khukuri at his workshop in Sinamangal, Kathmandu on Monday.   It takes him five hours to make one khukuri and he charges between Rs1300 to Rs3000 for a Khukuri. Photo: Keshav Thapa    ""  Both the parties had held their separate internal meetings earlier in the day, after which they sat for joint discussion, said RJPN presidium member Rajendra Mahato. This is the first meeting of the parties for forming government, said Mahato.    ""  All necessary preparations for the election of upper house have been completed and the voting will take place from 10 am to 3 pm tomorrow in the seven provinces, the EC said.    "" elusive-government-grants.html" "#Oped Earthquake survivors face endless hassles and paperwork as they rebuild their homes. - Jagat Basnet    " " shuklaphanta-national-park-starts-tiger-census.html" "  The count will be carried out inside the SNP, its buffer zone, Laljhadi Corridor, Bramhadev Corridor and Jogbudha area of Dadeldhura district.    " "This image captured on Monday shows a general view of Koteshwor-Kalanki road in Satdobato, Lalitpur on Monday.   The widening of 10-km Koteshwor-Kalanki road section is supposed to be completed by July, 2018. Photo: Anish Regmi    " "  Cadres of Netra Bikram Chand-led CPN Maoist on Tuesday vandalised the house of suspended director general of Inland Revenue Department (IRD) Chudamani Sharma.    ""Well done people. That's how we should react to the corrupted,high seated people especially politicians if our depends are not met.” " as-china-sees.html" "#Oped Playing the role of a transit country, Nepal can become a stage for cooperation instead of a <U+201C>boxing arena<U+201D>. - Gao Liang  as-china-sees.html    " "  Nabin Rai, 22, of Diprung Rural Municipality-3, Khotang district was arrested based on a complaint filed by the victim. The victim woman accused him of raping her after taking her hostage for two days. In the complaint, the victim said that the perpetrator hoodwinked her to go with him to the hotel. She said that Rai had threatened to kill her.    "