  news tdp asks centre to spell out plans for andhra pradesh with clear timelines  "The Telugu Desam Party (TDP) had earlier publicly voiced unhappiness over the recent Union budget not offering any special benefits to Andhra Pradesh.""Modi is senseless...he can do anything for power.... it's duty of  n in 2019.. through him out if not   will become Banana republic" "This particular Centre is always up for small states as they lose their voice and  say at the centre   become puppets. Once they put small states into such situation, no individual state can actually fight it alone with dharnas or agitations, but all such present   future small states should come together and stand on a single principle regarding the funds and support.  n n  is a union of states and any Political Party which do not value individual states, thier identities , cultures   languages will see necessary defeat in coming future. Illusionary words can make one sail through 1 2 elections , after that even good actions can’t give them needed mileage.  n nFew remain silent arguing that there ain t any alternative   this is how system works, but this silence is being mistaken for inability, so is why one should Voice out their opinion and take active part in politics."  "The Law of Attraction   Happy mind happy life" "Be a reflection of what you'd like to see in others! If you want love, give love, if you want honesty, give honesty, if you want respect, give respect. You get in return what you give.""There is no vision in centre's moves...they r desperate...,shaken   on the back foot...irony" "Drama by tdp and BJP before elections.....ap people are not fools" "NwZDZD" "MQZDZD" business airtel new best selling prepaid recharge plans rs 199 rs 349 rs 399 rs 448 rs 509 budget 2018  "business jet airways offers 30 discount on international flight tickets bookings open till february 12 budget ""The Law of Attraction   Happy mind happy life" world news japans princess mako fiance kei komuro postpone wedding citing immaturity "Such a major change to the schedule of an Imperial wedding, which has already been formally announced, is highly unusual."business budget 2018 how much income tax you have to pay in 2018 19  ""As you breath right now, another person takes their last. So stop complaining and learn to live your life with what you got."hyderabad news tight security for andhra pradesh shutdown today  "The government has declared holiday for schools as a precautionary measure. Police have made elaborate security arrangements to prevent any untoward incident.""As you breath right now, another person takes their last. So stop complaining and learn to live your life with what you got."business sbi minimum balance rule penalty for insufficient balance other details budget  "business indigo offers flight tickets starting at rs 1 098 on select routes details here budget 2018  "business airtel doubles 3g 4g speed data offering in infinity postpaid plans gives add on sim budget  "business jios rs 299 prepaid recharge plan gives 3gb per day data unlimited calling budget 2018  "business more income tax benefits on mediclaim health insurance policies section 80d budget  ""You will find true happiness in life when you realize it only takes  "you " to be happy. True happiness lies within yourself, it doesn't come from others."business home loans for pre 2016 borrowers set to get cheaper budget  "business sbi savings bank sb account rate fixed deposit fd interest rate and other details budget  " "www.ndtv.com   news supreme court to start final hearings in ayodhya case today 10 point cheatsheet  ""Three judges of the Supreme Court are likely to start  "final hearings " on a bunch of 13 petitions over the 2.7 acre disputed Ayodhya site that is claimed by both Hindus and Muslims.""You will find true happiness in life when you realize it only takes  "you " to be happy. True happiness lies within yourself, it doesn't come from others."